fix: use import command instead of editing config files (#3083)
aws-amplify/docs: docs/lib/storage/fragments/existing-resources.md

If you are using the Amplify CLI, an existing Amazon S3 bucket can be used with the Amplify Libraries by running:

```bash
amplify import storage
```

> Refer to [the related CLI documentation](~/cli/storage/import.md) for more details.

Reviewer: Same comment as above.

Author: ```suggestion
For more details, see how to [Use an existing S3 bucket or DynamoDB table](~/cli/storage/import.md).
```
